NARRATOR Our heroes
continuetheir journey
to Shalour City
where Ash's next Kalos Gym
battle challenge awaits.
Is this it?
Uh‐huh, that's the cave.
[CURIOUS]
That place?
[panting]
Is there something
out of the ordinary inside?
I'm not saying a thing.
You'll see for yourself.
Okay.
[AMAZED]
Oh..
[CURIOUS]
What's all that?
Isn't it cool?
They call it Reflection Cave.
Reflection Cave?
Wow. These crystals
are like big mirrors.
Wow. Incredible.
These aren't normal,
run‐of‐the‐mill crystals.
Their highly reflective surfaces
really do act
just like a mirror does.
Isn't it great?
They're the perfect way
to make certain
you're looking your very best.
Like a full‐length mirror.
Hm. How do I look?
Huh? What do you mean?
It keeps going on down there.
‐ Ash?
‐ Where are you going?
Don't leave us here!
Hm..
[CONFUSED]
No, way. Hold on.
I saw myself
in the mirror, but I..
[CONFUSED]
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon gotta catch them all ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Yeah you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"THE CAVE OF MIRRORS!"
CLEMONT
'Ash, don't run.
It's dangerous.'
ASH
'I know, I know.'
Look at that. It's a dead end.
Dead end? How many times
have we gone around?
It's like a maze in here.
So I guess we should've made
that turn back there after all.
Let's go back.
[AGREEMENT]
Mm‐hm.
‐ 'Ash, slow down!'
‐ Hey.
I think it's this way.
Not again.
Let's go.
‐ What's that?
‐ Huh?
‐ Hello? Hey, Ash?
‐ 'Over here.'
‐ Here, where?
Another dead end.
I guess we'd better go back.
[AGREEMENT]
Huh? Hey, Serena!
Clemont. Bonnie!
SERENA
'Ash!'
CLEMONT
'Don't move. Stay right there.'
Right, Clemont!
Huh?
[gasps]
[CONFUSED] / [PANIC]
ASH
'Get back here!'
Huh?
‐ It's Ash.
‐ Give Pikachu back!
[grunts]
[all gasping]
‐ Ah. Oh, no.
‐ Impossible.
Ash disappeared into the mirror.
[CONFUSED]
But how could that happen?
[panting]
Ah. Ah.
Huh? Where am I?
[panting]
Pikachu!
‐ 'Hey, Ash!'
‐ Huh?
Well, well.
[gasps]
Serena?
‐ Where have you been?
‐ Huh?
Just 'cause I called you
a crybaby..
Who, me? Crybaby?
Why are you talking like that?
Look, it's Ash.
Brother dear, I've located him!
Huh? Brother dear?
[screaming]
I went too far.
Ash, we've been searching
all over for you.
Huh? Awesome!
I can't believe
how fast you've gotten, Clemont.
Now, what do you mean?
I've always been
the fastest runner.
‐ I'm really good.
‐ You're kidding me.
Never mind that. So where's
that Pikachu of yours?
Oh, yeah, now, get this.
Another me popped out
from inside the mirror
then grabbed Pikachu
and ran off.
[laughing]
What are you talking about?
Was it a dream perchance?
I was awake!
So I jumped into the mirror
and took off after the Ash
who grabbed Pikachu
and that's when I wound up here.
Hm..
Hm, you are different than
the normal crybaby Ash I know.
‐ Me? Crybaby?
‐ Huh?
So maybe the culprit is..
BOTH
Our crybaby Ash?
Come to think of it,
there is a legend.
‐ A legend?
‐ Correct.
There's a famous legend
about the cave
that lies right up ahead!
You see, the legend states
for every crystal mirror
in the cave,
there exists an alternate world.
An alternate world
for every mirror?
Right!
And there's one more
important point
but I can't remember it.
Sounds stupid.
Regardless, the Ash standing
right here in front of us
'is not the Ash we know.'
Huh?
You know, as weird
as it's gonna sound
I've got to admit
that the three of you aren't
the Serena, Clemont and Bonnie
I know either.
Hold on. I'm the only me and
anyone who isn't me is not me!
Now, what in the world
did I just say?
Whatever! Here's the deal.
If you can beat me in a battle
then I'll have to believe you.
Uh..
‐ Okay. You're on.
‐ Huh!
I like the kind of Ash
who would agree to accept
a challenge from Serena.
[AGREEMENT]
Prepare yourselves for
a one‐on‐one Pokémon battle!
And begin!
Fennekin, let's do this!
[APPEARING]
She's going with Fennekin.
So in that case I choose you!
[APPEARING]
Hm. Fennekin, use Flamethrower!
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
Froakie, Water Pulse.
[WATER PULSE MOVE]
Use Scratch.
[SCRATCH MOVE]
Now, Double Team.
[DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
Oh, boy. I can't tell
which one is real.
[EXERTION]
Bubble.
[BUBBLE MOVE]
[PAINED]
Fennekin is unable to battle.
So the winner is Ash.
[EXERTION]
Thanks, Froakie. Return.
[HAPPY]
You battled well.
Take a nice rest, okay?
Serena?
Now will you believe
what I told you?
I would never lose to the Ash
I know so I have to.
I guess you're Ash
from another world.
Glad that's settled.
So where's the crybaby Ash
we're all familiar with?
Here I am.
[gasps]
[EXCITED]
It appears
there are two of them.
Pikachu.
Buddy, I was so worried.
[HAPPY]
Hey, Ash.
Can you tell me what happened?
Sure.
It was after
my battle with Serena.
Froakie is unable to battle.
So the winner is Serena!
Told you.
Now you see how strong I am?
You're not crying again,
are you?
No, I'm not crying.
Oh, yes, you are.
Check it out!
Look at crybaby Ash!
You're mean.
That's it. From now on,
I'm gonna travel alone!
Ash! I was just
messing with you.
ASH I just ran off
without thinking.
Then I saw a cave
so I ran inside.
But all of a sudden,
I got lost.
And the next thing I knew,
Pikachu was gone.
Pikachu. Where are you?
Pikachu!
Huh?
Pikachu. Huh?
Pikachu.
[CONFUSED] / [PANIC]
Thank goodness.
But after that I realized
it wasn't my Pikachu.
I'm really, really sorry.
No prob. I've got my Pikachu
back and that's what counts.
[AGREEMENT]
Strange things happen,
I suppose.
Wow. That's kinda confusing.
Hey, you know what would be
awesome if you'd tell me
a little bit about your Pikachu.
To tell the truth,
my Pikachu's tough.
Wild and aggressive.
[screaming]
[MOCKING]
Your volts will be no good
in this globe.
[IRON TAIL MOVE]
[gasps]
Huh?
[MOCKING]
JESSIE
'Why you..'
[CONCERN]
'Gotcha.'
[FRUSTRATED]
Is this the same Pikachu
we know and love?
We saw this rascal
with the Twerp
and there can only
be one of him.
[AGREEMENT]
I can't just leave you hanging
when you're in trouble.
I'll tell you what. I'm gonna
help you find your Pikachu.
Wow, Ash, thank you.
All these Ashes
are scrambling my brain.
But how are we going to conduct
this search for Pikachu?
Uh‐huh. Let me see.
[chuckling]
Uh‐oh. Ash hasn't come back yet.
And we haven't been able to go
through the mirror after him.
So, how do we find out
where he went?
It looks like it's up to me.
The future is now,
thanks to science.
'Clemontic Gear, on!'
You see, I thought
we would encounter
a situation precisely
like this one.
I call it, "The Other
Dimension Converter!"
‐ "Other Dimension Converter?"
‐ I'm confused.
CLEMONT
'This device makes high‐voltage
electromagnetic waves collide'
'which warps space and time'
creating a portal
to another dimension.
Power, on.
Huh?
[screaming]
I thought we would encounter
a situation like this
so I prepared this magic spell.
I call it
my "Magical Direction Finder."
"Magical Direction Finder?"
By dropping the staff
in the center of this circle
it will then allow us
to determine
which direction to search in.
'Now, here we go.
Clemont Cadabra.
Hm, Ash's Pikachu's
over that way!
Excellent, brother dear.
ASH
'So let's check it out.'
ALL
'Alright, let's go.'
No! I can't believe
you blew it again!
I'm sorry.
Now, what do we do?
Has Ash disappeared forever?
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Wobbuffet.
[ANGRY]
This dope doesn't know
when to quit!
Yep. What a waste of watts.
Hm. Company.
We'd better make
our bad selves scarce.
[panting]
‐ Ah.
‐ It's a dead end.
Now, where in the world
is that Pikachu?
Wish I knew.
Even brother dear
makes mistakes.
Who knew the Twerp had a twin.
MEOWTH
'With another Pikachu in tow.'
This situation's starting
to make my hair hurt.
Your hair?
Can the kvetching for later
and let's grab
that Pikachu for now.
You can't have too many,
I always say.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
What do I do?
I can't stand the thought
of never seeing Pikachu again.
I'll, I'll,
I'll never be the same!
[gasps]
Just perfect.
Here we go.
Come on, Ash, don't cry.
[ENCOURAGING]
You wanna find Pikachu,
don't you?
‐ Mm‐hm.
‐ Okay, don't give up.
[ENCOURAGING]
[whimpering]
[SHOCK]
‐ Perfect aim.
‐ Hey, what?
Prepare for trouble.
Hey, what or not.
And make it double.
You can see what we've got.
To protect the world
from devastation.
To unite all people
within our nation.
To denounce the evils
of a Twerpish twin.
To extend our reach
to the stars that spin.
‐ Jessie.
‐ And James.
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light.
Surrender now or prepare
yourselves for a fight.
Meowth! That's right!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Team Rocket!
Not you again.
BOTH
Team Rocket?
Uh‐huh.
They're a bunch
of really bad guys
who steal
other people's Pokémon.
Huh? Our Team Rocket folks
call themselves
the heroes of justic.
They beat up bad guys.
‐ Huh? Heroes of justice?
‐ Huh?
[STRUGGLING]
‐ Hey, Ash. That's my Pikachu.
‐ What?
So, you're a bad Team Rocket?
[ANGRY]
Now, look.
Give us back our Pikachu!
Sure. Soon as you grow up!
It's show time.
[APPEARING]
‐ Hey, Ash. Let's go.
‐ Hm.
BOTH
I choose you.
[APPEARING]
BOTH
You chose Hawlucha too?
‐ Use Karate Chop on Inkay.
‐ Use Karate Chop on Pumpkaboo.
[KARATE CHOP MOVE]
[PAINED]
[NERVOUS]
[gasps]
Hawlucha, look out!
[EXERTION]
Hawlucha.
[STRUGGLING]
Inkay, Psybeam!
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
[EXERTION]
Hawlucha!
[PAINED]
Hawlucha's confused.
Alright, return.
I'm sorry, Hawlucha.
Alright, Shadow Ball.
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
[PAINED]
[groaning]
Are you okay, Ash?
Yeah. No good.
Looks like I'm finished.
[crying]
Come on. Your crying
isn't gonna do you any good.
Yeah. We haven't
lost anything yet.
There's no reason
to give up.
Okay. I hear you.
[STRUGGLING]
Huh? Huh.
Huh?
Look, Twerp,
what're you doin'?
Now, you're done.
No, you don't.
[PANIC]
‐ Clemont.
‐ Hm.
That's my big brother.
Here goes. Ha!
[SCARED]
Leave the rest to me.
Fennekin, your turn.
[APPEARING]
[RELIEVED]
[FOCUSED]
Let's wrap it up.
Ready, Ash?
Okay. If you say so, Ash.
BOTH
Pikachu. Thunderbolt, let's go.
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
ASH
We're blasting off again!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
You were amazing, Ash.
BONNIE
I was completely impressed.
I hope you'll consider
continuing our journey together.
‐ Will you?
‐ Mm‐hm.
Ash, that's awesome.
Don't forget,
I owe it all to you.
Let's head on over
to the Pokémon Center.
'It's gonna be dark soon.'
"Dark soon."
Huh. How could I forget?
According to the legend
people who come
from another world
can't go back
once the sun sets.
[SHOCK]
Here.
As soon as this mirror
started to waver
that's when I was able
to go right into it.
Let me see.
I'd say the instability
of the wavering mirror
is functioning
as something of a gate
between this world
and the other one.
But how do we get this mirror
to do it again?
I'm not sure. Right before
it started to waver..
Pikachu.
That's it. I really wanted
to find Pikachu.
When I started wishing
really hard for that
then the mirror wavered.
Wishing really hard.
That just might have something
to do with it.
You really wanna return
to your own world, don't you?
Yeah. Of course I wanna continue
on my journey
with Clemont, Serena,
and Bonnie.
Alright, focus on that thought.
And if your thoughts
are powerful enough
our two worlds
might just reconnect!
Okay. If that's what it takes,
I can do it. Let's go back.
So we can continue on our
journey with our good friends.
[AGREEMENT]
Are we ever gonna
see Ash again?
Of course, we will, Bonnie.
Don't even ask that.
Ash is coming back.
That's right.
And Pikachu too.
‐ We've gotta hold onto hope.
‐ Hm.
[AGREEMENT]
Clemont, Bonnie, Serena..
[CONFUSED]
[gasps]
[SHOCK]
‐ It's Ash.
‐ It worked.
‐ There are two Ashes?
‐ Two of us too.
There's no time.
We'll explain later.
Our worlds are starting
to move apart.
The sun is starting to set.
The two worlds are connected
by our hopes and dreams.
[URGING]
Get with it, Serena,
you need to concentrate
'on how much you want
to journey with Ash.'
Huh? Hm. Hm.
Clemont and Bonnie too!
Concentrate your thoughts!
‐ Hey. We'll do it!
‐ We'll do it!
Clemont, Bonnie, Serena!
[FOCUSED]
Come back, Ash! Pikachu!
[grunting]
[CONFUSED]
[screaming]
‐ Hold on.
‐ We've got you.
‐ Don't let go.
‐ Okay.
[URGING]
[grunting]
[RELIEVED]
ALL
You're safe.
Everybody, thank you.
[GRATEFUL]
Hey, Ash. You take care.
Serena,
take care of your Ash, got it?
Mm‐hm.
‐ Bye, you guys.
‐ Everybody, stay well.
I do hope we'll meet again.
Yeah. I'm looking forward to it.
Goodbye, other Bonnie.
ALL
'Bye‐bye.'
[clinking]
You know, I can still
hardly believe it.
Wow, the other Bonnie said,
"I do hope we'll meet again."
It is a possibility
that the portal
will open up again sometime.
In order to prepare for that,
I'll invent‐‐
They said
they're all gonna continue
on their journey together
as friends.
So let's do that too.
Off to the next Gym.
[AGREEMENT]
BONNIE
Ah. What a pretty sunset.
I think we should locate
a Pokémon Center
before it gets dark.
‐ Hey, Ash?
‐ Huh?
We're gonna stay on our journey
together too, right?
Of course, we are.
Wouldn't want it any other way.
[AGREEMENT]
We're a team.
And we're always going
to be a team.
[AGREEMENT]
[laughing]
Hm.
‐ Come on. Let's hurry, Serena.
‐ Right.
NARRATOR
Following their strange
experience in
Reflection Cave
it's off
to the Pokémon Center
as our heroes'
journey continues.
That double Thunderbolt from
those twin Pikachu really stung.
Two Twerps are two too many.
What's with this place?
M‐JESSIE
'What's with this place
is compassionate might.'
M‐JAMES
And goodness and caring,
with mercy and light.
Heroes of justice,
that's right.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
ALL
Oh, no!
[PANIC]
BOTH
Team Rocket. Good night.
[theme music]